Jesus fucking Christ!
Seriously!
Did you just see that again...
I told you this would lead to
absolutely nothing.
But look, I foolishly hoped for something!
Totally Foolish!
Completely foolish, right?
I said those Vivaarium capsules are being wasted
on those parasites.
I thought the Silvers
would at least understand us.
But no! They are just
blind in there!
How can they not be disgusted
by that saccharine nationalism?
Tell me, in what way is an Estonian
better than a Latvian, a Finn, or an Ethiopian?
Is there actually an intelligent person
who can explain this to me?
The Silvers are just digging
their own grave.
And not just
the Silvers.
That Violet captain -
that's the expected bitch.
Such a false prophet,
you know...
Beware of those who preach
piety.
Condemn their hypocrisy,
those who abuse the concept of family.
In world cultures,
not to mention the animal kingdom.
There are dozens of different
forms of coexistence.
The Violets chose one especially rigid
and conservative system.
And now they're trying to force it
into every aspect of life.
You know what's
the saddest part?
The saddest part is that such people
reproduce rapidly!
Soon, there will be brain-dead individuals everywhere,
who need to be re-educated.
I'm feeling
nauseous....
I'm getting overwhelmed...
Especially by those Turquoises.
I really thought those Turquoises
would get it.
But no!
They're just playing God complex
there!
In fact, they're so
blind in there.
They're attaching themselves to machines
in there.
Alright! They're attaching themselves
to the machines
Who's keeping those machines running,
I ask.
With what energy,
What future perspective can we discuss
in a society with no environment?
Do I have to keep repeating
this kindergarten wisdom?
Where does this
foolishness come from?!
No wonder people are turning to
conspiracy theories in masses
Because they can't believe that this
insanity is happening just like that.
Alright.
We...
Pointed out the problem. Yes?
We... made concrete,
moderate proposals. Yes?
And then this kind of
reaction...
This brainless reaction
from all three capsules.
No! Now it's like this, these
three capsules must be abolished.
We move on
by our principles -
Think globally,
act locally
Now we focus only on
our own group
Because we are ready to make
sacrifices to save this planet.
We are not selfish
unlike them!
Now enough of these
video calls!
Team Lime,
damn it!
Now we're taking it
all the way to victory!
We have implemented
a child tax.
But is it
enough?
It's not.
In my opinion, it's
not enough!
We must move forward,
because the future is in our hands.